When does a joke become a dad joke? When it is apparent
As I handed my Dad his 50th birthday card, he looked at me with tears in his eyes and said, “You know, one would have been enough.”
If pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound Russian, then soviet.
I spent 10 minutes trying to remember what the opposite of "night" was.. In the end I had to call it a day..
What do you call a man with no shins? Tony.
Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.
My wife has this weird OCD where she arranges the dinner plates by the year they were bought. It’s an extremely rare dish order.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.
What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.
The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.
I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.
How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.
How do you organize an outer space party? You planet.
I went to a seafood disco last week... and pulled a mussel.
How was Rome split in two? With a pair of Ceasars.
What do you do with a dead chemist? You barium.
Why did one banana spy on the other? Because she was appealing.
Sausage puns are the wurst.
Want to hear a pizza joke? Nevermind, it’s too cheesy.
The wedding was so emotional even the cake was in tiers.
What does a house wear? A dress.
What do you receive when you ask a lemon for help? Lemonaid.
What was Forrest Gump’s email password? 1forrest1.
Want to hear a pun about ghosts? That's the spirit!
Why was dumbo sad? He felt irrelephant.
I have a fear of speed bumps. Im slowly getting over it.
I have a fear of elevators, but I've started taking steps to avoid it.
My wife is threatening to leave me because I’m addicted to wearing a new T-shirt every half an hour. I said, “Wait! I can change!”
My sister bet me $15 that i couldn't build a car out of spaghetti. You should have seen the look on her face as i drove pasta.
Two guys are on a boat with 3 cigarettes and nothing to light them with. They threw one over board and the boat is now a cigarette lighter.
My friend claims that he “accidentally” glued himself to his autobiography. I don’t believe him, but that’s his story, and he’s sticking to it.
I've got this awful disease where I can't stop telling airport jokes The doctor says it's terminal
I saw my ex girlfriend across the museum hall, but I felt too self conscious to go say hello. There was just too much history between us.
I recently started a band called 999 megabytes. We're good but we still haven't gotten a gig yet.
Why do cows have hooves instead of feet? Because they lactose.
My wife insists that guys in camouflage look sexy. I just don’t see it.
Recently I bumped into the guy that sold me an antique globe. It’s a small world.
Whoever invented the knock-knock joke should get a no bell prize.